revamp/ install production (#439)
dgraph-io/dgraph-docs: content/installation/kubernetes/cluster-types.md

+++
date = "2017-03-20T22:25:17+11:00"
title = "Cluster Types"
weight = 1
[menu.main]
    parent = "kubernetes"
+++

### Terminology

> An **N-node cluster** is a Dgraph cluster that contains N number of Dgraph instances. For example, a 6-node cluster means six Dgraph instances. The **replication setting** specifies the number of Dgraph Alpha replicas that are assigned per group. The replication setting is a configuration flag (`--replicas`) on Dgraph Zero. A **Dgraph Alpha group** is a set of Dgraph Alphas that store replications of the data among each other. Every Dgraph Alpha group is assigned a set of distinct predicates to store and serve.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An **N-node cluster** is a Dgraph cluster that contains N number of Dgraph instances. For example, a 6-node cluster means six Dgraph instances. The **replication setting** specifies the number of Dgraph Alpha replicas that are in each group. If this is higher than 1, each alpha in a group will hold a full copy of that group's data. The replication setting is a configuration flag (`--replicas`) on Dgraph Zero. Sharding is done (typically for databases near 1TB in size) by creating multiple **Dgraph Alpha groups**.  Every Dgraph Alpha group is automatically assigned a set of distinct predicates to store and serve, thus dividing up the data.
```

Reviewer: Technically, a group may hold one replica, so different groups do not imply replication. It's important to node that a group is a shard.
